feat: listen to and send messages over the Podium JSON RPC bridge if present (#195)
podium-lib/browser: README.md

# @podium/browser

> This is a client-side library designed to:
> 
> -   send and receive messages between different podlets in a layout.
> -   send and receive messages between web and native in a webview.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a client-side library designed to send and receive messages inside a podium application.

Supports application running in a web browser or in a web view as part of a native application.

```

Reviewer: I think this makes it clearer what exactly
